okay kids we're going to get off here
and we are going to explore a little bit
of Los Angeles history what's more
American than a Cadillac well besides a
Chevy of Ford and apple pie
I guess the fifth most American thing
baseball
now we're to me this what is more
controversial than the price of energy
which is the reason why this car exists
give up Chavez Ravine otherwise known to
you today as Dodger town the story goes
somewhat like this back in the late 40s
there was a push in the entire US for
affordable housing so much so Congress
appropriated funds in 1949 for an
affordable housing act and that
basically stated that cities could take
money from the federal government and
buy land to create affordable housing
while Los Angeles decided this would be
that area Chavez Ravine there was only
one problem with that plan the residents
of the area mainly Mexican immigrants
were like we don't want to leave even
with the eminent domain money would you
want to leave your home so there were a
number of legal challenges and even
outside of the courtroom it got very
ugly and that lasted to about the early
to mid 50s which is about the same time
that the fear of communism spread
throughout the US and anything that's
smacked of communism even remotely was
quashed such as this affordable housing
bill so the residents here said hey are
the ones that were actually left like
hey we won Los Angeles said and not so
fast the deal was we took the money from
the federal government and we have to
use it for public purposes so the public
purpose that they found was wooing a
brooklyn-based baseball club to Los
Angeles with a promise of cheap land now
what is little-known is this area was
developed mainly with private money not
the public money unlike Arizona which
taxes the crap out of tourists on rental
cars to fund their stadiums but I
digress ultimately the whole situation
lasted through to the early 60s when the
last president was paid ten thousand
five hundred dollars for his home and
that's when Dodger Stadium was built in
an interesting turn of events
for five years at the beginning Dodger
Stadium was also the home of the Los
Angeles Angels
you